Founded by Drs Kristie-Ann Swiderski (Owner) / Marciano and Mattia Zanis (Operations Manager). The name "Heart & Soul" comes from our commitment toward learning about the human heart. It is important to understand how people respond when they experience change within themselves or society around them.Our studio is a peaceful and peaceful space to connect and practice with others to reach your own wellness goals. With a strong focus on fitness and wellness we help you achieve your fitness and wellness goals. Come in today and experience the healing power of the art of yoga. We offer classes for all levels, and also offer Yoga Therapy and Yoga for Health, Yoga Therapy for Cancer Patients, Yoga Therapy for Adults, Yoga Therapy for Children, and Yoga Therapy for Cancer Survivors.Our family of instructors brings a new approach to strength and fitness. A group of students is brought together by helping each other to reach our fitness goals as one team. Our gym is a safe space to explore new levels of fitness, and discover the amazing power of the body. If you are looking to get in the best shape of your life, and enjoy the camaraderie of a team, then you are at the right place.As an organization, Heart & Soul Yoga & Bodyworks (HSYMB) is a community yoga studio that offers a variety of yoga classes and massage services. Located in downtown Eugene, Oregon, HSYMB was created to bring awareness to the connection between mind, body and spirit through a variety of yoga classes and massage services. We offer affordable access to yoga classes and massage services, while also giving back to our community through our regular yoga classes and community massage events. We also have a variety of events, including yoga workshops, community events, and free yoga classes for the whole family!The Heart & Soul has a unique approach to wellness and training. It is our belief that anyone can achieve their fitness goals, whether they are physically fit, mentally healthy or spiritually inspired. Through the use of yoga, yoga therapy, and bodywork, we create a safe space for people to let go of the stress that we are all here to experience. We encourage a balanced lifestyle and a connection with our bodies. Come and let us help you find your way. We are located inside of Red Rocks in downtown Portland, Oregon. We are very close to the train station and can also be found at Red Rocks and the bridge.We have a full staff that is committed to helping our clients reach their goals. We pride ourselves on creating a supportive environment and setting challenging goals so you can reach your own personal potential. The Center is the home of the Portland Pilates School. We are the only Pilates School in Portland that offers a full body workout in a small group instructor. Our classes are designed to challenge your body, strengthen your core, and help you to look and feel your best. Our studio is open from 7:00 am - 8:00 pm.Come join the HEART & SOUTH STYLE family! The Nurture your Body Wellness Center offers classes such as yoga, pilates, barre, and more. The CrossFit Gym offers classes such as bootcamp, yoga, Zumba, Pilates, and more. A combination of both group and private training classes. The Yoga-Fusion Yoga Studio offers classes such as Vinyasa, Iyengar, Restorative, Yin, and more.
